Add troubleshooting section (#533)
astral-sh/ruff-vscode: README.md

| Ruff: Show logs                                    | Open the Ruff output channel.                    |

## Requirements

This extension requires a version of the VSCode Python extension that supports Python 3.7+. Ruff
itself is compatible with Python 3.7 to 3.13.

## Troubleshooting

If you encounter any issues with the extension or the language server, please refer to the
logs in the output panel in VS Code. You can access the logs by running the `Ruff: Show logs`
command.

By default, the output panel will only contain logs from the extension. To enable logs from the
language server, set the `trace.server` setting to `messages` in your `settings.json`:

```json
{
  "ruff.trace.server": "messages"
}
```

The trace value can also be set to `verbose` for more detailed logs. If you're using the Rust-based
language server, you can use the `ruff.logLevel` setting to control the log level of the server and
`ruff.logFile` to write logs to a file instead of the output panel.

The extension also displays certain information in the status bar. This can be pinned to the status
bar as a permanent item.

<details><summary><b>How to pin the Ruff status item in VS Code toolbar?</b></summary>

> <img width="677" alt="how_to_pin_ruff_in_vscode_toolbar" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/fae75b6a-ae3f-4933-ad9c-61c6374f435b">

Reviewer: The alt text is user-visible and should describe what's visible in the picture.

</details>

> The status bar item will display the current status of the language server, specifically whether it's

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The status bar item displays the status of the language server, specifically whether it's
```
